Session Sigs Examples (#31)
LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code: session-signatures/getLitActionSessionSigs/README.md

# Getting Session Signatures using the `getLitActionSessionSigs` Method

> ## Understanding the Implementation

Reviewer: Depending on how [this comment](https://github.com/LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code/pull/31/files#r1692119117) is resolved, this section will need to change

1. Using an imported ethereum private key, connect the wallet to the Lit RPC endpoint `Chronicle Yellowstone`
2. Connect to the Lit network using the LitNodeClient on the `datil-dev` network, specifying the local storage to hold the generated wallet and session keys

> 3. Initialize a secure connection through the Lit login with LitAuthClient using the `LIT_RELAYER_API_KEY`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Initialize a secure connection to Lit Relayer using the `LitAuthClient` and a `LIT_RELAYER_API_KEY`
```

4. Generate a wallet signature to use as an [Auth Method](https://v6-api-doc-lit-js-sdk.vercel.app/interfaces/types_src.AuthMethod.html)
5. Use the Auth Method to mint a PKP through the LitAuthClient
6. Get the session signatures for the newly minted PKP, specifying the ability to execute Lit Actions

**NOTE**
---

> You may notice that this is nearly identical to the `getPkpSessionSigs` implementation. This is because this function does get a PKP session signature, but it's purpose is to implement custom authentication/authorization within a Lit Action. An example of using `getLitActionSessionSigs` for custom authentication can be found [here](../../custom-auth/browser/src/index.ts#L284)

Reviewer: I can't think of a good fix for this, but we probably shouldn't be linking directly to other guides with relative file paths. The links are too easy to break with us having no way of knowing that we need to update them (until a user reports it's a broken link)

Author: Would linking the master branch of the be fine then? Like:
https://github.com/LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code/blob/master/custom-auth/browser/src/index.ts#L284

Reviewer: Yea I think that's better than the relative path

Author: Changed to use a URL

# `getLitActionSessionSigs` Code Example

This code demonstrates how to use the `getLitActionSessionSigs()` method from the Lit SDK.

## Understanding the Implementation
1. Using an imported Ethereum private key, connect the wallet to the Lit RPC endpoint `Chronicle Yellowstone`
2. Connect to the Lit network using the `LitNodeClient` on the `datil-dev` network, specifying the local storage to hold the generated wallet and session keys
3. Connect the `LitContracts` client to the Lit network

> 4. Mint a PKP using the `pkpNftContractUtils.write.mint()` method from `LitContracts`. You may receive a gas error if your `ethersSigner` has insufficient tokens. This can be fixed by acquiring more tokens for the `Chronicle Yellowstone` blockchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Mint a PKP using the `pkpNftContractUtils.write.mint()` method from `LitContracts`.
    - You may receive a gas error if your `ethersSigner` has insufficient tokens. This can be fixed by acquiring more tokens for the `Chronicle Yellowstone` blockchain
```

# `getLitActionSessionSigs` Code Example

This code demonstrates how to use the `getLitActionSessionSigs()` method from the Lit SDK.

## Understanding the Implementation
1. Using an imported Ethereum private key, connect the wallet to the Lit RPC endpoint `Chronicle Yellowstone`
2. Connect to the Lit network using the `LitNodeClient` on the `datil-dev` network, specifying the local storage to hold the generated wallet and session keys
3. Connect the `LitContracts` client to the Lit network
4. Mint a PKP using the `pkpNftContractUtils.write.mint()` method from `LitContracts`.

>     - You may receive a gas error if your `ethersSigner` has insufficient tokens. This can be fixed by acquiring more tokens for the `Chronicle Yellowstone` blockchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You may receive a gas error if your `ethersSigner` has insufficient tokens. This can be fixed by acquiring more tokens from [the faucet](https://chronicle-yellowstone-faucet.getlit.dev/) for the `Chronicle Yellowstone` blockchain
```

5. Get the session signatures for the newly minted PKP, specifying the ability to execute `Lit Actions`

**NOTE**
---

 `getLitActionSessionSigs()` returns a PKP session signature, but it's purpose is to implement custom authentication/authorization within a Lit Action. An example of using `getLitActionSessionSigs` for custom authentication can be found [here](https://github.com/LIT-Protocol/developer-guides-code/blob/master/custom-auth/browser/src/index.ts#L284).

> ---

Reviewer: 🔥

## Running the Examples

### Install the Dependencies

In this directory, `session-signatures/getLitActionSessionSigs`, run `yarn` to install the project dependencies.

### Setting up the `.env` File

> Make a copy of the provided `.env.example` file and name is `.env`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make a copy of the provided `.env.example` file and name it `.env`:
```

Author: These single character spelling mistakes will be the end of me. Just installed a grammar checker for my IDE.
